README.rst, before:

========
couch25k
========

A Java MIDlet which tracks workout intervals for the `Couch-to-5k`_
running plan.

My initial attempts at searching for something which implemented the
above for my bog-standard mobile phone indicated that it would likely be
easier to write it than find it, so I started doing just that.

Display and audio may be tweaked specifically for my Samsung S3100,
depending on what it does when I load this thing up.

Implemented
===========

*Features which are implemented, in implementation order.*

* Selection of Week and Workout.
* Display of current workout step (Walk or Jog) with status and timing
  for the step and overall workout.
* Workouts can be paused and resumed.
* Plays a sound and vibrates when changing interval.
* Stores completion status and date for each workout.
* Quick Start jumps to first incomplete workout.
* Tweet completion of workouts via SMS - SMS number and message are
  configurable. You must register your phone number with your Twitter
  account if you want to make use of this feature.
* Optionally plays a minute marker sound - defaults to on.

Planned
=======

*(In order of usefulness descending/superfluousness ascending)*

* Animate a sprite indicating what the current step is.
* Some sort of victory animation on the finish screen.

In Limbo
========

* Tweeting via xAuth, identifying as a Twitter app.

  * This is currently implemented in the `twitter-oauth branch`_ but to
    make it publicly usable, I would need to beg permission for my Twitter
    app to use xAuth authentication via email O_o

  * If you want to use this feature, you need to register your own Twitter
    app, create your own ``TwitterKeysImpl`` class which implements the
    `TwitterKeys interface`_ and build your own .jad/.jar files.

.. _`twitter-oauth branch`: https://github.com/insin/couch25k/tree/twitter-oauth
.. _`TwitterKeys interface`: https://github.com/insin/couch25k/blob/twitter-oauth/src/couch25k/TwitterKeys.java

Building
========

Built using `Eclipse`_, the `MTJ plugin`_ and the `Java ME SDK 3.0`_.

I had to manually remove midp_1.0.jar and cldc_1.0.jar from the phone
configuration MTJ picked up from the Java ME SDK in order to successfully
compile using more recent features, but your mileage may vary.

.. _`Couch-to-5k`: http://www.coolrunning.com/engine/2/2_3/181.shtml
.. _`Eclipse`: http://www.eclipse.org
.. _`MTJ plugin`: http://www.eclipse.org/mtj/
.. _`Java ME SDK 3.0`: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javame/javamobile/download/overview/index.html

Commit message:

Added details of wireless toolkit required by Linux. Committed, horribly, from Eclipse.

README.rst, after:

========
couch25k
========

A Java MIDlet which tracks workout intervals for the `Couch-to-5k`_
running plan.

My initial attempts at searching for something which implemented the
above for my bog-standard mobile phone indicated that it would likely be
easier to write it than find it, so I started doing just that.

Display and audio may be tweaked specifically for my Samsung S3100,
depending on what it does when I load this thing up.

Implemented
===========

*Features which are implemented, in implementation order.*

* Selection of Week and Workout.
* Display of current workout step (Walk or Jog) with status and timing
  for the step and overall workout.
* Workouts can be paused and resumed.
* Plays a sound and vibrates when changing interval.
* Stores completion status and date for each workout.
* Quick Start jumps to first incomplete workout.
* Tweet completion of workouts via SMS - SMS number and message are
  configurable. You must register your phone number with your Twitter
  account if you want to make use of this feature.
* Optionally plays a minute marker sound - defaults to on.

Planned
=======

*(In order of usefulness descending/superfluousness ascending)*

* Animate a sprite indicating what the current step is.
* Some sort of victory animation on the finish screen.

In Limbo
========

* Tweeting via xAuth, identifying as a Twitter app.

  * This is currently implemented in the `twitter-oauth branch`_ but to
    make it publicly usable, I would need to beg permission for my Twitter
    app to use xAuth authentication via email O_o

  * If you want to use this feature, you need to register your own Twitter
    app, create your own ``TwitterKeysImpl`` class which implements the
    `TwitterKeys interface`_ and build your own .jad/.jar files.

.. _`twitter-oauth branch`: https://github.com/insin/couch25k/tree/twitter-oauth
.. _`TwitterKeys interface`: https://github.com/insin/couch25k/blob/twitter-oauth/src/couch25k/TwitterKeys.java

Building
========

Built using `Eclipse`_, the `MTJ plugin`_ and the `Java ME SDK 3.0`_ (or the
`Sun Java Wireless Toolkit 2.5.2_01 for CLDC` on Linux).

I had to manually remove midp_1.0.jar and cldc_1.0.jar from the phone
configuration MTJ picked up from the Java ME SDK in order to successfully
compile using more recent features, but your mileage may vary.

.. _`Couch-to-5k`: http://www.coolrunning.com/engine/2/2_3/181.shtml
.. _`Eclipse`: http://www.eclipse.org
.. _`MTJ plugin`: http://www.eclipse.org/mtj/
.. _`Java ME SDK 3.0`: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javame/javamobile/download/overview/index.html
.. _`Sun Java Wireless Toolkit 2.5.2_01 for CLDC`: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/index-jsp-137162.html
